README.md, before:

# Paducah Coffee Site

Developing a new site for Paducah Coffee Company, with e-commerce functionality and a blog. More utility to be added as I think of it.
## TO DO:
- Connect to a Firebase backend for product/cart storage as well as blog post storage.
  - users should be able to 'favorite' certain products
  - look into having 'admin' authorized accounts
    - admin accounts should be able to post/edit/delete blog posts as well as products (this may be difficult to implement)
- Merge duplicate products in cart, show number instead of duplicates
  - may need to make Cart an array of arrays, with logic to check if an item already exists before pushing. See StackOverflow page on subject.
     - (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54809558/merge-duplicate-objects-in-an-array) or (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30025965/merge-duplicate-objects-in-array-of-objects)
- Stock photos in Shop & Product views
- Cart functionality
  - re-work the "checkout" function
  - currently, checkout button empties 'cart' array
  - would like to move contents to a 'purchased' array and display it in cart view.
- Homepage Content
- add unselectable "sold out" products to Product view, but not Shop view (MAY SCRAP THIS)
- better organization in Shop &/or Products view ~~- try Bootstrap "card" class~~
  - tinker with card configuration. ~~Maybe the card needs to be on the Shop/Product component rather than product-item?~~
  - ~~this could help with the add to cart button issue~~
- make the Search bar work. I don't care what it does, just make it do something.
  - ~~this will apparently be covered in the Forms section~~
  - ~~array.filter, probably?~~
  - probably going to use [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/doc/) API to search through blog posts and products (that need to be put in a database anyway)
- implement lazy loading and preloading for all components other than HomeComponent
  - first must optimize and reorganize the entire app
    - each feature module must have its own routing config to implement lazy loading

- Implement the loading spinner (cart component, blog component. really anywhere that will/does connect to Firebase)


### DONE:
- Fix broken hamburger button on navbar collapse
- Finish routing
- Dummy content in Blog view
- - Fix active link tracking in header
-- maybe ask in class about this one
- Make a Cart component
- Make a Products component
- add About view (replace Product?)
- put logo image into files
  - use logo for icon
  - figure out why logo file won't work for icon
- Change Blog view so that blog homepage displays blog titles, dates, maybe a brief description. User can click on blog title and be taken to blog post.
  - Blog view works fine, but struggling to load individual blog posts. URL is updating properly, so I think I just need to watch Max do it again to see what I'm forgetting.
 - Add a 'Contact Us' view/page. Use new forms knowledge to implement a contact form allowing users to email me.~~
 - remove 'add to cart' button from Product view
   - find a way to contain it in Shop component rather than product-item component?
 - use pipes to change the date output of the blog posts
 - Connect to Firebase authentication
 - Create loading spinner
  - add loading spinner to auth component
- add a footer with social media icons, sitemap, etc (Google all the info that should go in the footer)


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

fixed spacing error with favorite button

README.md, after:

# Paducah Coffee Site

Developing a new site for Paducah Coffee Company, with e-commerce functionality and a blog. More utility to be added as I think of it.
## TO DO:
- Connect to a Firebase backend for product/cart storage as well as blog post storage.
  - users should be able to 'favorite' certain products
  - look into having 'admin' authorized accounts
    - admin accounts should be able to post/edit/delete blog posts as well as products (this may be difficult to implement)
- Merge duplicate products in cart, show number instead of duplicates
  - may need to make Cart an array of arrays, with logic to check if an item already exists before pushing. See StackOverflow page on subject.
     - (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/54809558/merge-duplicate-objects-in-an-array) or (https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30025965/merge-duplicate-objects-in-array-of-objects)
- Stock photos in Shop & Product views
- Cart functionality
  - re-work the "checkout" function
  - currently, checkout button empties 'cart' array
  - would like to move contents to a 'purchased' array and display it in cart view.
- Homepage Content
- add unselectable "sold out" products to Product view, but not Shop view (MAY SCRAP THIS)
- better organization in Shop &/or Products view ~~- try Bootstrap "card" class~~
  - tinker with card configuration. ~~Maybe the card needs to be on the Shop/Product component rather than product-item?~~
  - ~~this could help with the add to cart button issue~~
- make the Search bar work. I don't care what it does, just make it do something.
  - ~~this will apparently be covered in the Forms section~~
  - ~~array.filter, probably?~~
  - probably going to use [Algolia](https://www.algolia.com/doc/) API to search through blog posts and products (that need to be put in a database anyway)
- implement lazy loading and preloading for all components other than HomeComponent
  - first must optimize and reorganize the entire app
    - each feature module must have its own routing config to implement lazy loading

- Implement the loading spinner (cart component, blog component. really anywhere that will/does connect to Firebase)

- Allow authenticated users to "favorite" products in the Shop or Products components.


### DONE:
- Fix broken hamburger button on navbar collapse
- Finish routing
- Dummy content in Blog view
- - Fix active link tracking in header
-- maybe ask in class about this one
- Make a Cart component
- Make a Products component
- add About view (replace Product?)
- put logo image into files
  - use logo for icon
  - figure out why logo file won't work for icon
- Change Blog view so that blog homepage displays blog titles, dates, maybe a brief description. User can click on blog title and be taken to blog post.
  - Blog view works fine, but struggling to load individual blog posts. URL is updating properly, so I think I just need to watch Max do it again to see what I'm forgetting.
 - Add a 'Contact Us' view/page. Use new forms knowledge to implement a contact form allowing users to email me.~~
 - remove 'add to cart' button from Product view
   - find a way to contain it in Shop component rather than product-item component?
 - use pipes to change the date output of the blog posts
 - Connect to Firebase authentication
 - Create loading spinner
  - add loading spinner to auth component
- add a footer with social media icons, sitemap, etc (Google all the info that should go in the footer)


This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 12.2.6.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
